So, the plaintiff filed the case against the defendant claiming to be the owner of a 500 square yard property based on a general power of attorney executed in the year 1990. It was the claim of the plaintiff in the said case that earlier way back in 1990 the defendant at filed a case against him claiming to be the owner of this property based on certain other documents which was ultimately dismissed. Thereafter it is said that the defendant was the case of the plaintiff that the defendant filed another case in the year 1996 which was also dismissed. Subsequently it was claimed by the plaintiff that the defendant again filed another case against him in respect of the very same property on the basis of the very same documents in the year 2007 which again got dismissed. Thereafter a settlement arrived between the parties to the case and the plaintiff retrieved back the possession in the year 2016. Now in 2023 when the plaintiff visited the property in question if a plaintiff allegedly found that the defendant was carrying out construction in the said property. Therefore the plaintiff claimed that he is the owner of the suit property and that the property under the possession of the defendant we handed over to him in accordance with law. Now the defendant entered the suit after someone issued to him he filed his written statement denying that the plaintiff is actual owner. He claimed himself to be the owner of the property. He further claimed that the documents relied upon by the plaintiffs claiming to be the owner of the suit property do not pertain to the landing question. Furthermore in the said case defendant took a preliminary objection to the effect that the suit of the plaintiff for recovery of possession was hopelessly time barred. It was the claim of the defendant that since it is the own case of the plaintiff that in the year 1990 it came to the knowledge of the plaintiff that defendant had attempted to claim the ownership of this property. Therefore the cause of action for the plaintiff to file a suit for declaration arose in the year 1990 itself.  Even otherwise, the defendant claimed that the defendant had asserted his ownership of the suit property over the suit property again in the year 1996 as has been admitted by the plaintiff in his own suit. The defendant further claimed that he again asserted his ownership of the suit over the suit property in the year 2007 again, but the plaintiff did not choose to file a declaration against him within three years even from 2007. Therefore, since the cause of action was for the very worst time arose in favor of the plaintiff and against the defendant in 1990. Thereafter, it again arose in 1997, oblique 1996 and again in 2007, whereas the suit is filed in the year 2023. Therefore, the suit is outrightly barred by the law of limitation pertaining to the suit of declaration which is three years. Therefore, the suit may be rejected. The learned district judge where the suit was being tried oblique or adjudicated decided the preliminary objection of the defendant and held that the defendant had rightly pointed out that the cause of action to file the suit for the plaintiff arose was the very first time in the year 1990, but plaintiff did not elect to file the suit for declaration within three years from 1990 and thereafter again arose in 1996, 1997. However, the plaintiff again chose not to file it within three years and it further arose in the year 2007. Again the plaintiff chose not to file the suit for declaration against the defendant as such the suit is hit by the law of limitation therefore being barred and in view of the same the suit is liable to be rejected under order 7-11 CPC.